# Problem
There are n workers. You are given two integer arrays quality and wage where quality[i] is the quality of the ith worker and wage[i] is the minimum wage expectation for the ith worker.

We want to hire exactly k workers to form a paid group. To hire a group of k workers, we must pay them according to the following rules:

- Every worker in the paid group should be paid in the ratio of their quality compared to other workers in the paid group.
- Every worker in the paid group must be paid at least their minimum wage expectation.

Given the integer k, return the least amount of money needed to form a paid group satisfying the above conditions. Answers within 10-5 of the actual answer will be accepted.

Example 1
```
Input: quality = [10,20,5], wage = [70,50,30], k = 2
Output: 105.00000
Explanation: We pay 70 to 0th worker and 35 to 2nd worker.
```

Example 2
```
Input: quality = [3,1,10,10,1], wage = [4,8,2,2,7], k = 3
Output: 30.66667
Explanation: We pay 4 to 0th worker, 13.33333 to 2nd and 3rd workers separately.
```

Constraints
- n == quality.length == wage.length
- 1 <= k <= n <= 104
- 1 <= quality[i], wage[i] <= 104
# Answer

At first, we can simplify the description into two rules:
- Every worker in the paid group must be paid at least their minimum wage expectation.
- Use the least amount of money.

Assume there is a worker with the ratio `wage : quality` equals to `5`. If we paid worker by this ratio,  for other workers who has the ratio larger than `5`, they cannot get the expected minimum money. 

Therefore, we should select a suitable ratio to pay workers, so that the workers with ratio `<=` the setting will be paid at least their minimum wage expectation. Meanwhile, we should keep track of the total money, and return the least amount. 

```python
class Solution:
    def mincostToHireWorkers(self, quality: List[int], wage: List[int], k: int) -> float:
        workers = sorted([float(w/ q), q] for w, q in zip(wage, quality))
        ans = float("inf")
        heap = []
        qsum = 0
        
        for r, q in workers:
            heapq.heappush(heap, -q)
            qsum += q
            if len(heap) > k: qsum += heapq.heappop(heap)
            if len(heap) == k: ans = min(ans, qsum * r)
        return ans
```
- TC: O(nlogn) for `sorted`, O(nlogk) for heap operation
- SC: O(n)